README.md, before:

# SpazialGamess
### Project made by an Italian 13yr old boy
A Pygame zero DD Game where you have to survive 6 alien coming your direction in the space

# In case of problem check if you have the next modules installed on your pc:
- pgzrun
- pgzero_api_stub

# For the next lines (line 1 and 2):
- from pgzero_api_stub import *
- import pgzrun

Install python by clicking on "install_python.bat". Check "Add python to PATH" and leave "pip" enabled.
Then let the installation finish, close the CMD and open "install_requirements.bat" for install the necessary modules.
Let the download finish... re-open the "main.py" and you can play!

## Or if you want to install it manually

Do "windows + r", type "cmd" and click enter. Then write: "curl -o python_installer.exe https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.11.8/python-3.11.8-amd64.exe"
Check "Add python to PATH" and leave "pip" enabled. After write in the same CMD: "python -m pip install --upgrade pip"
After all write: "pip install pgzero" !!!(without the "")... re-open the "main.py" and you can play!

Commit message:

Update README to specify Windows-only pygame support
Added note about Windows-only support for pygame.

README.md, after:

# SpazialGamess
### Project made by an Italian 13yr old boy
### Windows ONLY pygame for now! Unless you have python and the module required installed (down in the "readme.md")
A Pygame zero DD Game where you have to survive 6 alien coming your direction in the space

# In case of problem check if you have the next modules installed on your pc:
- pgzrun
- pgzero_api_stub

# For the next lines (line 1 and 2):
- from pgzero_api_stub import *
- import pgzrun

Install python by clicking on "install_python.bat". Check "Add python to PATH" and leave "pip" enabled.
Then let the installation finish, close the CMD and open "install_requirements.bat" for install the necessary modules.
Let the download finish... re-open the "main.py" and you can play!

## Or if you want to install it manually

Do "windows + r", type "cmd" and click enter. Then write: "curl -o python_installer.exe https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.11.8/python-3.11.8-amd64.exe"
Check "Add python to PATH" and leave "pip" enabled. After write in the same CMD: "python -m pip install --upgrade pip"
After all write: "pip install pgzero" !!!(without the "")... re-open the "main.py" and you can play!
